Questions We are Trying to Answer

1. What is the typical engagement rate we can expect? What’s the likelihood that we can
achieve a 15% engagement rate?

We can expect a typical engagement rate of 4.20% and there is a 6.42% chance to achieve at least a 15 % engagement rate.

Details:
We use total engagement/total impression * 100% to get the engagement rate. To get the likelihood of at least a 15% engagement rate, we find how many records there are where the engagement rate is 15% percent or more. We divide this by the total number of records so. The formula is thus (# of records where the engagement rate >= 15%)/(total # of records) * 100%. 

2. Does day of the week and time of posting affect engagement rates?

Yes

Details:
In order to find if the day or time of posting affects the engagement rate I graphed days of the week vs engagement rate on a histogram 
and did the same for days of the week. The graphs clearly show a variation in engagement rates based on day or time of day. 

3. How are our game titles doing in terms of social performance? Is there a specific game
we should focus more on or less?

DOTA 2 did the best in terms of social performance because it has the highest engagement rate at 4.30 % and the highest total engagement
at 123,990. 

Details:
By creating a pivot table, it makes it easier to do analysis. I first created a table for the entire dataset and then 
I created a pivot table where it organizes the accounts(contents) based on Engagement rate and total engagement. 

4. What media type performs the best?

Photos perform the best due to the fact that it has the highest engagement rate at 4.94% and the highest total engagement at 216,979 engagements.

Details
I created another pivot table but this time for media types. I did not choose Album at 10 percent engagement because 
there are only 8 engagements. In addition, I did not choose mixed media because it is not a separate independent category 
and one cannot know in what combination it is mixed. 


5. What is our best performing campaign?

The best performing campaign is community engagement with the highest engagement rate of 5.63 % and the highest total engagement 
at 2,044,767.

Details
The same process as the previous ones except with campaign type as the category.

6. Define out a posting strategy for our social channels based on your discoveries.

Based on previous insights, I recommend prioritizing posting photos and videos on Facebook with a focus on community engagement as 
these factors predict higher user engagement. Based on the graphs, I recommend posting photos on the weekdays and in the time periods 
of 11:30 am-1:00 pm, 4:00 pm- 4:30 pm, and 6:30 – 7:45 pm because user engagement is likely to be higher at these times. 
I recommend that the posts be focused on CSGO and DOTA 2 as they are the most popular and generate the most user engagement.

7. What suggestions would you give to the social media team if they want to expand their
presence (e.g. if our CSGO youtube channel is doing well should we expand to TikTok)?

Those who wish to expand their presence should focus on expanding CSGO and DOTA 2 content to Facebook and that platform has the best 
social performance in terms of quantity and rate of user engagement. Expanding Valorent content to other platforms can be designated 
as a low priority as the game is not popular and does not generate much user engagement
